README.md, before:

### User Stories

## MVP

```
As a back-end dev
So that I can show the user things to do
I want to receive an address (or postcode etc.) from the search bar
```

```
As a back-end dev
So that I can show the user events around their location
I want to access the API and find events in their approximate area
(based on a square with the user at the centre)
```

```
As a back-end dev
So that I can present the user with their search results
I want to sort the results primarily by date, secondarily by distance from user
```

```
As a back-end dev
So that I can optimise the user experience
I want to return a sorted list of stuff
```

```
As a back-end dev 
So that I can filter the list of events
I want to enable users to select a `subcategory` after conducting their initial search
```

```
As a back-end dev
So that I can allow users to see upcoming events
I want to limit the search results to a 7-day time frame (as default)
```

## Stretch goals

```
As a back-end dev
So that I can enable users to find interesting events
I want to allow them to sign up to the app
```

```
As a back-end dev
So that I can enable users to remember their upcoming events
I want to allow them to save their selected events to their account
```

```
As a back-end dev
So that I can allow users to visualise where their events are
I want to be able to show them a map with the locations of their searched events pinned
```

```
As a back-end dev
So that I can allow users to visualise where their events are
I want to be able to show them a map with the locations of their saved events pinned
```

```
As a back-end dev
So that I can improve the user's search results
I want to restrict their range to a circle with them at the centre
```

Commit message:

Prepare project for running Flask. Add instructions to README and include relevent directory in gitignore.

README.md, after:

### User Stories

## MVP

```
As a back-end dev
So that I can show the user things to do
I want to receive an address (or postcode etc.) from the search bar
```

```
As a back-end dev
So that I can show the user events around their location
I want to access the API and find events in their approximate area
(based on a square with the user at the centre)
```

```
As a back-end dev
So that I can present the user with their search results
I want to sort the results primarily by date, secondarily by distance from user
```

```
As a back-end dev
So that I can optimise the user experience
I want to return a sorted list of stuff
```

```
As a back-end dev
So that I can filter the list of events
I want to enable users to select a `subcategory` after conducting their initial search
```

```
As a back-end dev
So that I can allow users to see upcoming events
I want to limit the search results to a 7-day time frame (as default)
```

## Stretch goals

```
As a back-end dev
So that I can enable users to find interesting events
I want to allow them to sign up to the app
```

```
As a back-end dev
So that I can enable users to remember their upcoming events
I want to allow them to save their selected events to their account
```

```
As a back-end dev
So that I can allow users to visualise where their events are
I want to be able to show them a map with the locations of their searched events pinned
```

```
As a back-end dev
So that I can allow users to visualise where their events are
I want to be able to show them a map with the locations of their saved events pinned
```

```
As a back-end dev
So that I can improve the user's search results
I want to restrict their range to a circle with them at the centre
```

### To run this project
Prerequisites:\
You should have `python3` and `pip3`  installed\
cd into the repo and create a virtual environment:
```
python3 -m venv metapp_venv
source venv/bin/activate
```
and install these libaries:

```
pip3 install flask python-dotenv
```

To deactivate the virtual environment type:
```
deactivate
```
